Add documentation for queryFallback (#518)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/dom-testing-library/api-queries.md

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

> By default, it's assumed that the first role of each element is supported, so only the first role can be queried. If you need to query an element by any role in its fallbacks instead, you can use `queryFallbacks: true`.

Reviewer: Does 

```suggestion
By default, it's assumed that the first role of each element is supported, so only the first role can be queried. If you need to query an element by any of its fallback roles instead, you can use `queryFallbacks: true`.
```
